Positive, encouraging contributor expectations (#57)
rustfoundation/safety-critical-rust-consortium: subcommittee/coding-guidelines/contributor-expectations.md

You should be a member of the Coding Guidelines group if you want to write top of class coding guidelines that have strong generality.

This group is a knowledge-exchange, not a teaching space.

The group benefits most from:
* People with a sense of very high quality: Our work will be consumed over multiple industries. We are a force multiplier for all good and bad things.
* Knowledge of Rust: We only work on Rust here, so we need to assume a certain knowledge of it.
* Knowledge of critical spaces with high impact: whether it's safety-critical or software that just impacts a lot of people - experience in high correctness and how to reach it is useful.
* Bridge builders: You enjoy transferring the best practices between all industries.
* Self-Organisation: There's no project managers here. You feel empowered to drive things forward that you care for.

There's two general modes of contribution that are useful to put yourself in:
* Drafting and writing: you take over work items to work on in between meetings. You have knowledge you want to contribute.

> * Observing: you mainly look at other people producing content, and give feedback and wisdom. Maybe you're the person that observers the corner everyone else has overlooked?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Observing: you mainly look at other people producing content, and give feedback and wisdom. Maybe you're the person that observes the corner everyone else has overlooked?
```

> Its fine to switch between them given on your current constraints. It is useful to the people running the group to understand which mode you are currently in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's fine to switch between them as circumstances change. It is useful to the people running the group to understand which mode you are currently in.
```

## Some fine print

> The Coding Guideline group is a Rust Foundation group and follows its policies, particular its [Code of Conduct](https://foundation.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct/).

Author: ```suggestion
The Coding Guideline groups is a Rust Foundation group and follows its policies, particular its [Code of Conduct](https://foundation.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct/).
```
